Check teams from branch PRs (#313)
conda-incubator/governance: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/remove-team-member.md

# Checklist

- [x] I want to remove an existing member from a team
- [ ] I have started this PR from a branch, not a fork
- [ ] I have modified the relevant `teams/*.yml` file
- [ ] Choose one of these:
  - [ ] I'm moving myself to emeritus
  - [ ] I'm removing someone else who is provenly inactive

>   - [ ] I'm removing someone else and a vote has taken place

Reviewer: The automatic inactivity procedure is specific to Steering. Community Project Team removal requires a sensitive vote, and other teams follow their approved charter. I would avoid making inactivity a general removal path here.

```suggestion
  - [ ] I'm moving myself to emeritus
  - [ ] I'm removing someone else under the team's approved charter
  - [ ] I'm removing someone else and the required vote has taken place
```
